   .
   [cerrarpopup.png]

   [audio_off.png]
   [1][hora.png] [2][esquela.png] [3][amenazas.png] [4][leyendas.png]
   [5][almas.png] [6][foro.png]
   [7][bt_registrarse.jpg]
      Usuario:
   _________
   Contraseña:
   _________
   Ingresar

Slender

   por NaneCrayola
   Authors note:
   This short story is based on the internet game that also shares the
   title.
   I encourage the reader, thats you, to play the game with some friends
   and have a good time.
   Sincerely, the author
   Francisco Rodriguez Serrano
   -You know why you are here right.-
   -Yeah.-
   -Tell us what happened that night.-
   -You wont believe me.-
   -Thats because I know youre lying- He said slamming his hands hard on
   the table.
   The interrogation room where Im locked right now, somewhere in the FBI
   department, has a really hard to swallow atmosphere. The incredibly
   small room where Im sitting right now has 4 foot thick walls painted
   grey, with the one sided mirror you see a lot in police series where
   there are people watching and taking note of what you say. Other than
   that the room also feels kind of empty only having a small table and
   two chairs. Is as if the room was made to crack open psychopaths and
   people like that. The only two things that are left to mention are me
   and the FBI agent in front of me.
   His name was Leonard Simmons, a really intimidating man. He was clearly
   old with grey hair covering his slightly bald hair. He looked fit and a
   little athletic, like if he used to play football, but when he started
   interrogating me his eyes pierced trough my body like knives and his
   voice, sounded hollow as if he was some cold blooded killer.
   Unfortunately he was not the culprit, I was.
   As agent Simmons moved from in front of me I realized how I looked. My
   jacket was ripped and my eye was swollen and my clothes were all dirty
   like if I had dragged myself trough a mud pit. Actually since what
   happened in the last two days was practically a living nightmare I
   havent been able to attend my image.
   Suddenly agent Simmons, in an attempt to sound nice says to me:
   -Mike, why dont you make this easy and confess.-
   Me, looking at him straight in the eye said- Thats because I know I
   didnt do it. You keep blaming me as if it was all my fault.-
   -You are being blame for the murder of your father and brother and the
   disappearances of seven people, and you there say you are innocent-
   said Simmons very angry and with a face that I could see little veins
   popping around his forehead- Weve been in this same routing for
   twenty-four hours straight and you have not said a single word of what
   truly has happened know confess before I end up loosing my patience.-
   -The police didnt believe me, what makes you different. What are you
   going to do different? - I said looking away to one of the walls of the
   room.
   -You dont say- sitting down on the other chair, across the room, he
   said very ironically- tell me then what truly happened that day-
   Lifting his fingers when saying truly trying to see if he can get me
   angry enough to confess. It worked to perfection.
   -You really want to hear what happened, huh- I screamed rising from the
   chair and kicking it back- god dammit Ill tell you everything, but I
   want you to sit down there and listen to everything I have to say
   before jumping to conclusions got it-
   Laying its back against the chair and putting his hands behind its head
   he said my three favorite words during this interrogative- Im all ears.
   Looking directly too him I said- It all started two days ago like you
   may know.
   There was this new kid in school. His name was Marco and your common
   group of bullies was making fun of him for being Mexican or something
   like that. Not only that but you could really here his accent. The
   Indian looking nose and light brown, kinda of baked skin didnt help
   either, but overall he was really nice unlike the bullies.
   The bullies were a really bothersome trio. There was Steven the leader
   of the football team. Every single stereotype you can think of
   Americans he proved they were right. The other one was David. Hes one
   of those people whose parent that think if the kid is fat his healthy.
   The only reason he and Steven were friends is because after getting in
   a fight they had to choose between seven days of suspension or hold
   hands all day in front of school guess what they chose. Then last but
   not least comes Nikolai. His grandfather came here escaping the
   communist movement. Other than being really tall and strong, hes a
   straight A student and captain of the wrestling and yet he wastes his
   time with those guys. They spent all morning bothering Marco but
   everything got worse when it was lunch time.
   When it was lunch time me and Jeremy sat in our usual spot. We were
   talking as usual, me always having a hard time understanding what to
   say. Jeremy although he looked like one of those tough black gangster
   one sees in movies but he is actually very calm and composed and a
   brown belt in karate. He was also not bother with his image due to the
   fact that he is practicing for comedian so if somebody wanted to
   criticize him he make jokes about himself, the person in front of him
   and a dog that happens to pass by. I simply dont understand half of the
   things he says. When we were talking Marco came and ask to sit down but
   as soon as he took seat, Steven, David and Nikolai appeared out of
   nowhere, as if by magic.
   -Oh, look at this, the little Mexican boy finally found his donkey-
   said Nikolai trying to sound funny.
   -Its not his fault he prefers a donkey to the three chickens in front
   of me- said Jeremy defending Marco.
   When suddenly Steven threw our lunches out of the table and very angry,
   looking at Jeremy responded- What are you trying to say that were
   chickens, cause if you are I am going to shove my fist up your -
   When suddenly, a somehow recognizable voice appeared from behind David.
   -Why dont you leave them alone, Steven- Thats when I notice Angelica
   and her best friend Ivelisse. Angelica was a very gorgeous girl in our
   school. She was blonde, with light brown eyes and a very soft skin. The
   only two bad things about her were that she was as slow as a rock, and
   she was also a lesbian, but Steven didnt know that because he still has
   a crush on her. Now her friend Ivelisse was a whole different story.
   She is Jeremys older sister, but they are so different. I heard that
   somebody tried to rob her when she was walking down an alley. The
   robber ended with a broken arm, a dislocated jaw and a black eye.
   -Yeah, you got too leave that boy alone already- said Ivelisse shoving
   to the side David and Nikolai.
   - Well they started it by calling us chickens Steven yelled trying to
   blame us.
   - Well they are actually right Steven you guys are chicken-Said
   Angelica with some flaring hand motions- I remember you crying for your
   mommy when they locked you in the bathroom.
   In that moment everyone including David and Nikolai started laughing.
   Then Nikolai putting a hand on his shoulder and trying to hold the
   laughter- I never heard you were such a crying baby.
   To that David added- I still remember that, it happened in middle
   school.
   I could really see Steven was pissed off but then he got the most
   stupid idea anyone could ever have.
   - Im not a chicken and to prove it I am going to- he stop as if trying
   to not say what he was going to do.
   -You are going to do what? Huh, jump of a bridge.- Said Ivelisse
   -No, Im going to Lost Soul Forest during the night.
   Having said that out loud everyone in the cafeteria stood silently.
   Nikolai then broke the silence- Are you nuts! You know the kind of
   stuff that happens in that forest at night. People have been
   disappearing since before my grandfather came to this land.
   By then everyone was murmuring and talking to them self as if trying to
   avoid the conversation. Then Steven said something that made David and
   Nikolai rethink their friendship- Who said Im going alone, you guys are
   coming with me.- Nikolai and David looked at each other like if they
   were thinking of excuses for not going but then Nikolai had an idea.
   -Sure why not- he said looking at David like if he had come up with the
   world greatest scheme.- Will go this same night, right David.
   David responded with a nod.
   -How do we know you are really going there- said Ivelisse when Marco
   stood up and very timidly and almost choking up said- Ill go too. Just
   to make sure you guys show up.
   -Are you serious Marco, I know youre new and all but you cant be dumb
   enough to go alone with these guys they- I screamed trying to see if I
   manage to chicken him out but Angelica interrupted -Then its settled,
   Marco will go with you guys to make sure you go got it!
   -Then will meet in front of my house at six, capiche.- said David after
   staying quit for a long time now.
   -Ok then well be expecting you Marco.- Steven trying to intimidate him-
   You better not chicken out.- After all that they Finally left. Then
   right after they did Angelica and Ivelisse left and sitting in the
   table three of us I decided to speak to him.
   -Marco what have you gotten into do you know what youre getting into,
   people have gotten lost never to appear again in that forest.
   -I second that,- said Jeremy with the most worried face he had,-you
   shouldnt be acting al rash especially because of those guys.
   -Dont worry as long as mi querida vigencita is with me nothing wrong
   will happen- Said Marco grabbing a crucifix that he had near his neck.-
   Dont worry this is my chance for payback.
   Tell me now what are you planning to do, heh- Said Jeremy like if he
   were planning something.-Maybe we might be able to help you-.
   I like where this is going- Marco said looking happily- will you help
   us Mike.
   I dont like to be involve in all of these, but Ill do anything to see
   the looks of their faces- I said very enthusiastically- but I wont
   enter the forest, got that.
   Dont worry, what Im planning wont get us in the forest,-said Marco with
   a very sinister smile you wouldnt see from a religious person.-Now this
   is what were going to do, ok.
   After telling us that the bell rang and we continue our classes. After
   school we met at my house to plan every detail.
   You guys get everything and know your parts right- ask Marco leaning
   against the sofa and reaching for the drink his drink on the table.
   Yeah, yeah its as easy as stealing candy from a baby- said Jeremy very
   confidently.
   Maybe because you got the easiest part, not including the most fun- I
   said looking at him- but knowing you, hmm. You will probably screw it
   up, somehow.
   Thats when my little brother came trough the door. I like my brother,
   except that he sometimes gets on my nerves and drove me nuts every once
   in a while but hes my brother.
   Mike, dad said that he wants to talk to you- he said with the most
   curios face, as if trying to figure out what we were doing in the room.
   Im going, dont worry- I said standing up from the bed- now dont get to
   comfy guys, we are leaving in an hour.
   After that I went downstairs to the kitchen too see what my father
   wanted. He had that stupid pink colored apron he always used to cook
   with. He was very sociable and allows me to do stuff at my own as long
   as he knew what I was doing, everything was alright. He also had that
   instinct that allowed him to guess what I was planning.
   So, what are you guys planning to do on Marcos house.- He said eyeing
   me carefully.
   Nothing interesting, maybe play some video games and stuff like that- I
   said trying not to sound the least bit suspicious- Why are you asking?
   Oh no its just by interest, since I dont know where Marcos parents
   live.- he started saying trying to see if his able to get something out
   of me.
   Jeremys mom knows where they live.-I said- so theres no need to worry.
   Ok, call me when you get there- said dad before I left- and dont forget
   to wear your helmet.
   Sure dad. - I said jetting trough the door and saying good bye.
   Then after that we rode our bikes through the city to reach the
   outskirts of town and go to Davids house. He wasnt rich, but their
   house gave another image. It was big and very colorful by the outside
   and from the windows I could see a very big plasma TV with a stereo
   system and various game consoles.
   Hombre! Said Marco to David- Nobody told me you were rich.
   Thats because his father is the most famous lawyer in town.-Said
   Jeremy.
   I thought you were going to show up alone. - Said David to Marco.
   Hey, I didnt force them to come here, they came because they wanted to
   see you guys faces when you leave running and- When a familiar voice
   appeared from behind us.
   So you guys came for the same reason we did. It turned out to be
   Ivelisse and Angelica. - So when are we leaving?
   When we see a hammer and a sickle- said Jeremy trying to get everyone
   in a good mood.
   Yeah, thats funny said David - now I want you to say that in front of
   Nikolai to see what happens.
   Say what in front of my face said Nikolai as he got down from his
   fathers four by four with Steven.
   What is this, a public reunion? I thought it was going to be us three
   with just the little immigrant over here. Said Steven with a puzzled
   faces.
   We just came to see the show, if you got a problem with that spit it
   out, boy- Said Ivelisse while getting near him.
   Come on, the sun is starting to hide and I heard the road gets pretty
   dark. I stated If it gets to dark we will miss the entrance.
   Okay everybody get on the truck were leaving said Nikolai as we all got
   on the truck he screams Next stop, Lost Soul Forest, then hell Then he
   started laughing very maniacal laugh.
   After all that we stopped in front of the forest. The only way in is
   jumping the fence.
   So I was speaking to my partner in the other room and the information
   that youve given us to no concords with our investigation said agent
   Simmons as he puts a bottle of water in front of me.
   Thanks I said
   Let me guess, this next part is the one the police didnt buy said agent
   Simmons.
   Will you still listen to it? I said.
   Dont worry time is all I have.
   When I was about to continue my story, a loud ruckus came from the
   other room, behind the mirror.
   Is your friend ok? I said.
   That is what happens when you try to balance a chair. Said agent
   Simmons but dont worry about him his probably fine. Now continue with
   the story.
   Ok, then were was I
   We reached the entranced of the forest. The Only two ways in were by
   the gate, but since the gate is crumbled the only other entrance there
   is its through the fence. Out of the back part of the car Nikolai took
   out some chain cutters to break through the fence. After we enter
   Nikolai stands in front of us and hands us each a flashlight and some
   walkie-talkies.
   What are these for Asked Marco very curiously.
   I heard that there are pages spread across this forest. They say the
   pages were to warned people of that thing they had here that was
   scaring the shit out of them said Nikolai as he explained what they
   where going to do Now since were eight will divide ourselves in groups
   of two. David youre going with Ivelisse.
   Hold it, I dont want my sister to go with him said Jeremy out loud.
   You dont need to tell me what to do. I can take care of myself you
   know. Started blurting out Ivelisse.
   Guys, shut up! Can you let Nikolai finish. I screamed Jeremy I think
   your sister can take care of herself.
   Thank you, Mike. Where was I? Ah yeah the next groups are Marco and
   Angelica, Mike and Steven and the last group is Jeremy and me.
   Nobody had complaints for the division of the groups. After we checked
   the map Marco got from the library we separated in order to find the
   pages. After me and Steven walked for a while we found a huge dead tree
   and also the first to find a page.
   Hey look its on these side said Steven pulling the page from the wall.
   What does it say? screamed Nikolai through the walkie-talkie.
   It doesnt say anything its just some drawings.-said Steven.
   Pass me that I said when taking the paper from his hand the drawing
   looks like some trees except for one which is more like a person
   wearing a suit. According to this, the person used to tall, because
   they are comparing him with a tree.
   That means that a person, maybe some sort of madman caused this place
   to close. Said Marco That means theres nothing to worry, right?
   Yep I said So were going for our second paper, ok.
   Got it Said Nikolai.
   Lets keep going, then the faster we end this the better Said Steven
   trough the walkie-talkie.
   After a few minutes David and Ivelisse reported being in an area where
   the tree had their branches cut and the only thing standing were the
   trunks. After walking around the trees a bit they found another paper.
   That paper actually freaked us all out because of the fact that by then
   the plan Nikolai had with Steven and David got blown over.
   So youre saying you were planning to scare us with fake papers? I said
   while asking Steven What were you going to accomplish?
   Well Nikolai said that if we pretend too find those paper with fake
   blood on them you guys will get scared and leave. We didnt know there
   more papers around. We thought that was a legend.
   Then we were all wrong, -I screamed desperately the worst part is the
   note that Ivelisse found said theres no escape.
   Guys. Started speaking Marco through the walkie-talkie We found another
   of those fake papers.
   Im sorry to inform you Marco Started saying Jeremy trying to raise
   everybodys spirit that the papers are the real one left by the old
   workers of this site. By the way where did you find it?
   Are you always this comical? I could hear Nikolai sighing.
   Hey, his just trying to raise everyones spirit, give him a break.-Said
   Ivelisse defending her little brother. Thats when thing started to get
   scary.
   Oh my god, guys Screamed Angelica through the walkie-talkie I swear I
   saw somebody on the trees over there.
   Where are you? Asked Steven
   We are in the huge pipe somewhere around the middle of it, why?
   Thats near here, guys dont move were going there right now Said Jeremy
   Lets go Nikolai
   Who do you think you are to order me around Said Nikolai Hey, wait up
   dont leave me here.
   Now what? said Steven.
   I think its better to meet with David and Ivelisse up ahead in the
   restrooms. I said trying to sound calm.
   You guys mentioned our names did something happened said David like if
   noting happened.
   Where you guys paying attention, Angelica said she saw someone else in
   the forest, so were all going to regroup in the restrooms. I sounded
   really stress, trying to calm myself I told them Just go to the
   restroom well all meet up in there.
   When we got to the restrooms in the center of the forest we were the
   only ones there. The worst part is that when we heard from Marco again
   he said he lost sight of Angelica.
   So she was the first one to go missing, then. -Very seriously agent
   Simmons spoke after two whole hours listening to my story.
   Is it really that interesting? I decided to ask him.
   Horror movie material said Simmons
   Then go get popcorn, the story just gets worse.
   After being there a while Steven decided to use the bathroom in the
   little facilities we were in front of. The outside was made of bricks
   and the only part I could see on the inside was the white tile hallway
   leading to deeper inside.
   You cant go in there all by yourself. I yelled at Steven while trying
   to block the entrance to the restrooms. What if David or someone else
   comes here?
   At that exact moment Ivelisse contacts us. -Guys, we took a wrong turn.
   Where are you right now? I said, not noticing that Steven entered the
   restrooms.
   There are some giant gas thanks or cylinders of some sort -when in the
   background I can hear David say. I found another paper.
   Are you kidding me, another paper at a time like this? What does it
   say? said Nikolai suddenly joining the conversation.
   It says no eyes, still sees said David with a very nervous voice I dont
   now about you Ivelisse but I am shitting my pants right now, we better
   hurry to the restrooms.
   -Hmmm hmmm, I second that, we better hurry I think its this way.-
   -That sounded very sexy Ivelisse said David
   Ill pretend I didnt hear that. said Jeremy.
   Dont hurry guys there isnt a simple toilet in this bathroom.-said
   Steven. -There only a few rooms, some hard to navigate hallways. Oh, I
   just found a chair and one of those papers.
   You entered the bathroom, even when I told you not to how ignorant can
   you be?
   But dont you want to know what the paper says. Then he read the worst
   of the papers that one could find. It says dont look back, ohhh Im so
   scared
   Steven! Steven for the love of -Before I could finish that sentence I
   heard a woman screamed. For a second I thought something happened to
   Ivelisse but it was Steven the one who screamed. When I went inside I
   only found his walkie-talkie and his backpack. When I saw the paper
   there wasnt even an ounce of blood on it. When I turned around I only
   saw Ivelisse and she was crying.
   Ivelisse, what happened?
   He he he hes gone. David is gone. She said crying
   Come on lets go outside.
   When we come back outside we saw Nikolai and Jeremy were the only two
   standing by the entrance of the restroom.
   Where are David and Steven? Asked Nikolai.
   Theyre gone.-The instant I said that Ivelisse started crying and leaned
   against Jeremys shoulder.
   He he was there for a moment when I looked back h was gone.-Said
   Ivelisse while her brother was trying to calm her.
   What about Steven? Asked Jeremy.
   Who do you think screamed like a girl? I said, but at that moment
   Nikolai stared at me.-Anyway when I went in to look for him. I only
   found his backpack and the walkie-talkie.
   Pass me his backpack. I want to check something for a minute. As
   Nikolai searched through Stevens backpack, while I went to check on
   Ivelisse and Jeremy. -How is she?
   Apparently she had a relationship with David nobody knew about-Said
   Jeremy very sarcastically. I knew she had a boyfriend, I didnt know it
   was him. Then Nikolai called us for a second
   Look at what I got from Stevens spy camera. Said Nikolai.
   What Spy camera? asked agent Simmons
   I said the same thing.-I replied.
   He had this camera for his birthday; he said he was going to use it to
   record stuff at school. Most probably he charged it just to film us or
   forgot from to take it of his backpack this afternoon. He filmed the
   attacker when he was caught in the restrooms.
   When we in his computer which he politely brought too, we could see the
   attacker. He really was a tall man his head could almost touch the
   roof. He used some type of penguin suit and had a white mask, but the
   image was too hard to see because by then he had been hit with
   something and the camera broke.
   Since the attacker is real I think is safe to return to the van before
   something else happens. Ok, now lets get moving Jeremy, Mike and
   Ivelisse. Ivelisse? Said Nikolai, when we realize she went missing too.
   When we checked around, she was gone already.
   Oh no, Oh hell no. I m gonna look for my sister! Started blurting and
   screaming Jeremy when we lost sight of her sister.
   Now hold it, Jeremy. Who knows if the person stalking us has your
   sister?-said Nikolai trying to be reasonable. I think we should get out
   first and leave before that thing comes back around to get us.
   From then on everything went peacefully until the moment in which we
   got to the fence we were on the wrong side.
   Isnt this the side we came true I screamed.
   Apparently, not we seem to have taken a wrong turn- said Nikolai while
   consulting the map.
   Now what? I asked while observing the fence
   Guys, we might have more problems than that one said Jeremy while
   pointing the flashlight at some trees on the distance. We got company.
   Thats when we noticed it first hand. When Nikolai and me turned to see,
   there it was. The papers had some truth after all. The dude used a
   full, probably Dolce and Gabana suit. He also had a panty hose for a
   mask because we couldnt see his face. Not only that I thought he was
   holding some branches thats why we didnt notice him because he could be
   confuse by one. Since that moment on we rushed back to the exit.
   Which way is it, Nikolai I screamed while hurrying him.
   I dont know give me a moment-
   That is not up to us Said Jeremy Its up to him.
   Hurry up, Nikolai By then I got really desperate and was shaking the
   flashlight because of the situation Jeremy try not to lost sight of
   him.
   He doesnt seem to move at all said Jeremy trying to cheer us up- he
   takes being a tree very seriously.
   This is no time to be-I was talking when Nikolai manage to find our
   position in the map.
   -Ok, we are here see we need to head west around the fence that way
   will be at the opening we made, which is a few meters away.
   Then what are we waiting for screamed very enthusiastically Jeremy Lets
   get this show on the road.
   When we started running I notice that something I feared happen. Since
   we were running near the fence, it started to try and cut us of. When
   suddenly, Nikolai fell. Me and Jeremy turned around but he didnt wanted
   help.
   Nikolai, are you alright? I screamed while running back to help him.
   Dont worry about me, just go. -he said while reaching into his backpack
   to pull out a gun and his car keys.
   Mike take these.-Throwing me his car keys Hurry up and leave, Ill be
   alright.
   -But
   Leave, before I decide to shoot you down too! Screamed Nikolai. After
   that we heard from him were the gun going of and him screaming his
   named, but I think that didnt work because later on we heard a gun shot
   fire up alone.
   So it shot him Agent Simmons
   Thats what I hope I said sounding very sadly.
   Do you want to continue? asks Simmons.
   When we were running, we manage to find the Entranced we made, but when
   I was about to leave, Jeremy suggested to close the fence so that it
   couldnt escape.
   But what if somebody is still alive in there? I said while trying to
   convince him to leave it.
   Do you know what might happened if we let him go? Screamed Jeremy Who
   knows how many people it will kidnap, anyway, Im going back in there to
   look for everybody.
   Are you nuts? What happens if he finds you? I started saying when I saw
   what he was trying to do.
   Dont worry. After I close it Ill go back to the city with the beard
   costume Marco got us to use to play the prank on Steven and the others.
   Ok, but after I go call the police Im coming to get you so stay by the
   road. -I making sure he understands the instructions.-Got it.
   After that I got home, but dad saw me go in and ask what happened that
   I was there at midnight. Unfortunately I had to tell him everything.
   Why the fuck are you telling this to me now. said dad with his usual
   red colored face when he got angry.
   Look Im sorry but- I started talking when
   And then you come with me with psycho story that you expect me to
   believe? Said dad in a very Sarcastic tone and clearly not believing
   me, but I didnt care after he scolded me I decide to call the police
   from my room but since I couldnt I had to call from the kitchen. Which
   the only reason they attended my call is because they thought I was the
   guy that stole Nikolais, but at least they were coming. When I hung up
   the unexpected happened. The thing from the forest it was in my living
   room and it had my brother. Then I screamed and tried to go up when
   suddenly it grab me by the legs and I notice it wasnt human. My father
   heard the ruckus and came down running with its rifle.
   Put my son down! Said dad while aiming the rifle at it. He shot it when
   he saw that it wasnt putting us down but whatever it was, the bullets
   did nothing. Thats when I screamed and told dad not to let it take us.
   Dont worry son, I wont let it take you away. Saying that he raised the
   rifle and shot my brother. After doing that, it got angry drop me on
   the floor and went after dad.
   Dad I shouted while standing from the floor.
   Run, Mike. Dont worry about me. Just go. he said while he struggle to
   get away from it. I did what my dad told me and left only to be stopped
   by the police farther up the road. After all that you know the rest.
   The police got nowhere interrogating you and handed the case to us.
   Said Simmons.
   -Yeah. Thats all there is to it.
   -What about youre friend, Jeremy?
   -I still dont have news about him.
   -So he got lost in the forest so. Tell me, Mike what do you think it
   did with youre friends.
   - I have not a single idea, Im just glad somebody escapes to see the
   morning once more. Oh, shit You can hear a sound of a chair being
   dragged. - Oh holy mother of god.
   -What happened You can hear the chair agent Simmons was sitting on
   going back.
   -Its right behind you.
   -Whats right behind Holy shit what the fuck is that?
   After saying that, the only thing that can be heard is a struggle, some
   chair and table being thrown and two gunshots fired by Agent Simmons.
   When the noise is over, you can note in the recording there are some
   footsteps from something moving away from the recorder.
   A male voice appears: That is all the info we have on the unsolved case
   of the Slender Man. Thank you all for tuning, once more, into
   Unresolved Cases of the FBI. We see you next time.
   Slender

   Temas relacionados
   [8]By my borother, [9]sincerly Nane
     __________________________________________________________________

   No hay comentarios a mostrar

   [10]Estasmuerto.com

   [11]Aviso Legal Designed by [12]F.A.C. ©Copyright 2002-2021

   Estasmuerto.com es una página de entretenimiento, y como tal se ha de
   tomar. Estasmuerto.com no se responsabiliza del uso que se dé de esta
   web, siendo responsabilidad última del usuario.

References

   Visible links:
   1. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index_-_2021-03-13T215959.181.html?L=tuhora
   2. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index_-_2021-03-13T215959.181.html?L=esquela
   3. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index_-_2021-03-13T215959.181.html?L=amenazas
   4. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index_-_2021-03-13T215959.181.html?L=leyendas
   5. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index_-_2021-03-13T215959.181.html?L=almas
   6. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index_-_2021-03-13T215959.181.html?L=foro&forumcall=index.php
   7. http://www.estasmuerto.com//index.php?action=register
   8. http://www.estasmuerto.com/index.php?L=resultadosleyenda&palabra=By%20my%20borother
   9. http://www.estasmuerto.com/index.php?L=resultadosleyenda&palabra=%20sincerly%20Nane
  10. http://www.estasmuerto.com/
  11. file:///home/sicker/Downloads/web/index.php?L=legal
  12. http://fixandchips.es/

   Hidden links:
  14. http://ads.boom.es/www/delivery/ck.php?n=a7ce30e1&cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE
  15. http://ads.boom.es/www/delivery/ck.php?n=a391a403&cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE
  16. http://ads.boom.es/www/delivery/ck.php?n=a3fef439&cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE
